{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green25\blue27;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12549\c12941\c14118;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Andre Jefferson was born in Bronx, NY. Throughout his life journey he has honed many skills in the areas of business, creative, and educational. In his adolescence Andre was heavily involved in his communities and extra curricular activities such as church youth leadership and basketball where he learned a good base value of teamwork and ethics. He was also member of his high school Interact club where he was a liaison interaction between his local community, local government, and state government and from this experience he acquired further special social skills and perspective that helped mold his idiosyncratic nature. His educational background entails some business college experience, but his highest completed education is a high school diploma; however, Andre has practical real world experience operating in different industries, and he came to Revature with a mission and a focus to better himself and create a future. \
\
	Revature has prepared Andre in the languages of Bash, Java, HTML, CSS, and Javascript while also introducing him to their sublanguages and compatible softwares. Throughout his training he learned new and contemporary ways to implement these languages for corporate purpose. Although his work experience is predominantly business his newfound skillset in coding is an excellent pairing for any potential employer. Andre feels heavily prepared in the areas of Database management, front end development, backend development, and API/Servlets. He was conditioned to familiarize these processes via hard coding and abstract implementation. Understanding that Andre\'92s prior coding experience was agile robotic focused Revature did their due dilligence to familiarize him with the new technologies and how they interface with different languages. He is ready to take on the challenges that further await him on his technical journey.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Fun Facts About Me:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'95 Avid video game player, I often test Alpha and Beta games for different video game companies.\
\
\'95 Other hobbies I very often enjoy are basketball, meditation, and training Brazilian Jiu-jitsu to keep an active, healthy, and sharp mind and body. \
\
\'95 I love science fiction content I occasionally go to sci-fi conventions, enjoy super-hero themed movies and shows.\
\
\'95 I enjoy music creation, I trained in percussion for orchestra and jazz in my early upbringing and I am very competent in some media software and majority music DAWs. \
\
\'95 I have a few family members with notoriety who have played in the NFL. }